Update trace based tests run script (#1018)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo: test/README.md

# Service Testing

> There are two ways to test the service APIs on this demo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to test the service APIs in the OpenTelemetry Demo:
```

> 1. Using black box testing, calling gRPC services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Using black box-testing, calling gRPC services
```

> and validating its direct response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and validating their direct response
```

> 2. Using Trace-based tests, calling services

Reviewer: Should this also include `gRPC`?

Author: No, because tests to the email service and frontend service use HTTP calls directly.

> and validating its direct response and traces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and validating their direct response as well as the distributed traces they generate
```

## Testing gRPC services as black boxes

> To run the entire test suite as a blackbox you need just to run the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the entire test suite as a black box you run the command:
```

```sh
docker compose run integrationTests
```

> Now if you want the tests for a specific service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run tests for a specific service, run:
```

1. Start the services you want to test with `docker compose up --build <service>`
2. Run `npm install`
3. Run `npm test` or `npx ava --match='<pattern>'` to match test names

## Testing services with Trace-based tests

> To run the entire test suite of trace-based tests you can run the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the entire test suite of trace-based tests, run the command:
```

```sh
make run-tracetesting
#or
docker compose run traceBasedTests
```

> To run tests for specific services, you can pass the name of the service as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run tests for specific services, pass the name of the service as a
```
